feat: allow `min_lms_match` to take in str or list (#1122)
thousandbrainsproject/tbp.monty: docs/how-monty-works/learning-module/evidence-based-learning-module.md

In our current experiment set up, we divide time into episodes. **Each episode ends when a terminal state is reached**. In the object recognition task this is either **no match** (the model does not know the current object and we construct a new graph for it), **match** (we recognized an object to correspond to a graph in memory), or **time out** (we took a maximum number of steps without reaching one of the other terminal states). This means, each episode contains a variable amount of steps and after every step, we need to check if a terminal condition was met. This check is summarized in the figure below (except for time out which is checked separately in the code).

This check can be divided into **global Monty checks and local LM checks** (purple box). An individual LM can reach its terminal state much earlier than the overall Monty system. For example, if one LM does not have a model of the shown object it will reach no match quite fast while the other LMs will continue until they recognize the object. Or one LM might receive some unique evidence about an object and recognize it before all other LMs do.

> The `min_lms_match` experiment setting controls which learning modules must reach the terminal `match` state before the episode ends. An integer requires that many LMs to match. A learning-module ID string requires that specific LM, while a list requires every named LM:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `min_lms_match` experiment setting controls which learning modules must reach the terminal `match` state before the episode ends. An integer requires that number of LMs to match. A learning-module ID string requires that specific LM, while a list requires every named LM:
```
